https://www.charmnola.com/spray-tans

Instagram:
@only_tans_nola
@thejacqofalltradesbeauty




Contact Info:
Michelle Stanzel
Cell - (253)691-2252 (maybe I should get a google number?)
1201 S Union Ave Suite 1
Tacoma, WA 98405



This is my airbrush blurb I send to everyone. Doesn’t need to be verbatim, just some talking points

Airbrush info:

prep
Do any waxing, manicures, pedicures or skin treatments before your airbrush. 
Shaving legs the day prior to your tan instead of the day of is recommended.

Before you come in make sure that you are exfoliated and that your skin is clean and dry. 
Try to exfoliate using something a little more aggressive than just a loofah puff 
(exfoliating gloves are my personal fav). 
No lotion or oil on. 
 
You're going to want loose, dark colored clothing to wear out afterwards. The more covered up you are the safer your tan is going to be. 
Loose pants & a loose t-shirt is a better option than short shorts and a tank top.

during
You get as undressed as you are comfortable, what you leave on will leave a tan line so be aware of what you are wearing now vs what you will be wearing for your event. 
Some some come in with a bathing suit, others choose not to wear nothing.
The FDA requires that men's genitals remain covered, if you're concerned about these restrictions let me know. 
 
post
You need to stay cool and dry while your tan processes. Our rapid rinse solution requires 1-3 hours of processing time. 
Different lengths of time will result in different color tones. We will discuss what time is appropriate for you and your needs.

Shower after the allotted time and rinse off any extra color. You will have some color rinse off, this is normal. Your tan continues to process over the next 24 hours. 
You will see your final results the day after your tanning session. 
Be gentle but thorough with your first shower. Rinse well, light soap if needed. Follow up with a good moisturizer.

Tans last 7-10 days on average, your first few days being better and brighter than your last few.

*If this service is for your wedding I require a practice session at least 10 days prior to the final service*

There is always a concern for allergic reactions. DHA is the common self tanning ingredient in most self tanners. If you've had issues in the past please let me know.

This is not a kid friendly appointment so if you have little ones please arrange care for them. We cannot leave children unsupervised in the waiting area.
 

Tans are nontransferable. All discounted tans expire one year from purchase
Sessions are $60 each. If you prebook your next apt you'll receive a $10 discount for that apt. 

*If you need to cancel or reschedule 24 hours notice is required or cancelation fee will be charged. No call/no show apts will be charged*

Our address is 
1201 S Union Suite 1
Chroma Salon





Possible headers

Glow Getter: Spray Tan Artist
Get Sun-Kissed: Professional Spray Tanning
Spray Tan Magic: Get Your Perfect Tan
The Bronzing Boutique: Expert Spray Tanning
Flawless Finish: Customized Spray Tans
Tan-talizing: Personalized Spray Tanning
Sunless Perfection: Spray Tans by a Pro
Tanfastic: Achieve Your Ideal Tan
The Spray Tan Specialist: Custom Tanning Solutions
Bronze Beauty: Expert Spray Tanning Services.



